Dear Friend , Especially for you - this breath-taking 
news . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 
6 , Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
97 weeks . Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash and people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson 
who resides in Mississippi tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . Don't delay - order 
today . Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Best regards ! Dear Professional , We know you 
are interested in receiving red-hot announcement . 
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; 
Title 1 ; Section 304 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 10 months . Have you ever noticed people 
love convenience plus how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and sell more . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Delaware tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal . If not 
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks 
! Dear Salaryman , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our briefing ! We 
will comply with all removal requests . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 ; Title 
1 ; Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 40 DAYS . Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you SELL MORE and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who 
resides in New Jersey tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . For the sake of your family 
order now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Salaryman ; Especially 
for you - this breath-taking intelligence . This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1626 , Title 1 ; Section 
304 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 47 days ! 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU sell more and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us ! Ms Jones of Maine tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . Because the 
Internet operates on "Internet time" you must make 
a commitment soon . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 20% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! 
